82 / 100 IRC Total

9 / 10 Proposal
	
Explains what you plan to implement
	
Explains Why it is of interest to you
	
Specify at least one web site or paper you have already read on the topic
	
Describe the *stages* of how you plan to implement your project
	
Describe how you will *test* each stage before moving on to the next stage
	

10 / 10 Progress Report
	Weekly contact explaining how you are doing
	
Notify me of any changes or deviations from your plan
	
Notify me of results as you test the different stages of your project


5 / 5 Bibliography and Weekly Paper Reading
	
Attended weekly readings
	
Presented a paper at weekly readings
	
Annotated bibliography contains all papers read
	Annotated bibliography contains short summary of papers
	

5 / 5 Poster
	Title / Name / Abstract
	Easily readable from 3-5 feet away
	Enough information (not to simple)
	Images and graphics used to convey ideas -- not just text
	Explain project / algorithm
	Results section
	Related Works / Citations
	
8 / 10 Presentation
	Used 20 minutes for presentation
	At least a portion was accessible to a general audience
	Gave enough detail to not be trivial -- explained algorithm / project
	Results / how you evaluated your project
	Explained what interested you / What was challenging / What you would do differently
	Cite sources / resources
	
45 / 60 Paper and Code
	Code is well documented
	Code is well organized and well formated
	Clearly state what is your code and what is libraries or tools created by others
	Code is substantially original
	Code works correctly and is easy to read
	Paper has Intro / Relevant work / description of project / results and evaluation / conclusion and future work / References
	Paper has no grammatical or spelling errors
	Paper is easy to read but not trivial
	
Paper is written in journal style
	
	
	

Comments:

Very nice poster.  Good balance of text and graphics.  Related works section is weak.  Need to find way to express difference between the multiple approaches that you implemented.
During presentation you need to appear more confident in your work.  It would also have been nice for you to walk through an example for each of the algorithms.  I think the audience didn't completely get how the algorithms worked or the differences between them.
Your code is well organized and documented.  The method of documentation isn't exactly standard practice.  In Python code usually the commenting happens inside each of the functions, not before them.  I would have liked to have seen test code to demonstrate that the functions are working properly.  Right now it is rather a guess if the functions are behaving correctly.  I don't think you still understand MEME completely and I don't think your code for MEME is working properly.
Your paper is written in a very casual tone.  For the next IRC please write in a more formal tone.  For examples of the kind of papers, read the journal articles that we read during our reading group for the IRC and try to pattern your writting style after those papers.  You also have some grammatical mistakes (incorrect subject-verb agreement, etc.).  You may want to take your paper to the writing center and have them review it before submission.  I'm also disappointed that you didn't do a little more comparison between the three methods.  You should think about data that will validate the three approaches.  Your evaluation is more of a guess that the algorithms are working correctly.  You do not include any comparison with MEME.  It appears that you didn't get that final step finished.
You did pick a challenging project that required you to learn several algorithms.  I'm impressed with how far you were able to get.  I would have liked to have seen MEME working properly.


